GraphQL Docs for Parse Server 3.10.0 (#688)
ParsePlatform/Docs: _includes/graphql/files.md

# Files

> The GraphQL API supports file upload via [GraphQL Upload](https://github.com/jaydenseric/graphql-upload), to send a `File` through `GraphQL` it's recommended to use [Apollo Upload Client](https://github.com/jaydenseric/apollo-upload-client).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The GraphQL API supports file upload via [GraphQL Upload](https://github.com/jaydenseric/graphql-upload), to send a `File` through `GraphQL` it's recommended to use the [Apollo Upload Client](https://github.com/jaydenseric/apollo-upload-client).
```

> **Parse Server GraphQL** support file upload via [GraphQL Upload](https://github.com/jaydenseric/graphql-upload), to send `File` trough `GraphQL` it's recommended to use [Apollo Upload Client](https://github.com/jaydenseric/apollo-upload-client).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The GraphQL API supports file upload via [GraphQL Upload](https://github.com/jaydenseric/graphql-upload), to send a `File` through `GraphQL` it's recommended to use [Apollo Upload Client](https://github.com/jaydenseric/apollo-upload-client).
```

## Add a File field

> First of all we will update our `GameScore` class with a `screenshot` field of type `File`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First of all we will update our `GameScore` class with a `screenshot` field of type `File`.
```

```js
// Header
{
  "X-Parse-Application-Id": "APPLICATION_ID",
  "X-Parse-Master-Key": "MASTER_KEY"
}
```
```graphql
# GraphQL
mutation updateGameScoreClass {
  updateClass(
    input: { 
      name: "GameScore",
      schemaFields: { 
        addFiles: [{ name: "screenshot" }]
      }
    }
  ) {
    class {
      name
    }
  }
}
```
```js
// Response
{
  "data": {
    "updateClass": {
      "class": {
        "name": "GameScore"
      }
    }
  }
}
```

## Create and add File

> Currently the GraphQL API does not support nested mutation for `File` type, so we need to send the file and then create/update the `GameScore` with the returned information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently the GraphQL API does not support nested mutation for the `File` type, so we need to send the file and then create/update the `GameScore` object with the returned information.
```

> Currently the **Parse Server GraphQL API** do not support nested mutation for `File` type, so we need to send the file and then create/update the `GameScore` with the returned information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently the GraphQL API does not support nested mutation for `File` type, so we need to send the file and then create/update the `GameScore` with the returned information.
```

# Files

**Parse Server GraphQL** support file upload via [GraphQL Upload](https://github.com/jaydenseric/graphql-upload), to send `File` trough `GraphQL` it's recommended to use [Apollo Upload Client](https://github.com/jaydenseric/apollo-upload-client).

## Add a File field
First of all we will update our `GameScore` class with a `screenshot` field of type `File`

```js
// Header
{
  "X-Parse-Application-Id": "APPLICATION_ID",
  "X-Parse-Master-Key": "MASTER_KEY"
}
```
```graphql
# GraphQL
mutation updateGameScoreClass {
  updateClass(
    input: { 
      name: "GameScore",
      schemaFields: { 
        addFiles: [{ name: "screenshot" }]
      }
    }
  ) {
    class {
      name
    }
  }
}
```
```js
// Response
{
  "data": {
    "updateClass": {
      "class": {
        "name": "GameScore"
      }
    }
  }
}
```

## Create and add File

> Currently **Parse Server GrapQL API** do not support nested mutation for `File` type, so we need to send the file and then create/update the `GameScore` with the returned infos.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently the **Parse Server GraphQL API** do not support nested mutation for `File` type, so we need to send the file and then create/update the `GameScore` with the returned information.
```

Also not sure about having 'Parse Server GraphQL API' seems a bit long winded, perhaps 'GraphQL API'?

```js
// Header
{
  "X-Parse-Application-Id": "APPLICATION_ID",
  "X-Parse-Master-Key": "MASTER_KEY" // (optional)
}
```
```graphql
# GraphQL
# $file is a GraphQL Variable, see
mutation createFile($file: Upload!) {
  createFile(input: { upload: $file }) {
    fileInfo {
      name
      url
    }
  }
}
```
```js
// Response
{
  "data": {
    "createFile": {
      "fileInfo": {
        "name": "6a4d43c3f0512bcb6bf05b6b0e7db47d_file.png",
        "url": "http://localhost:1337/graphq/files/APPLICATION_ID/6a4d43c3f0512bcb6bf05b6b0e7db47d_file.png"
      }
    }
  }
}
```

> Then add the file to a new `GameScore` object

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then add the file to a new `GameScore` object.
```
